---
description: Station Zero X Governance Token
---

# $SZX - Station Zero X Token

Station Zero X Token ($SZX) are ERC-20 [revenue-generator ](../profitability-and-revenue/revenue-sharing.md)governance token for the Station Zero X[ ecosystem](../../governance/the-ecosystem.md) of Web3 competitive games on Fantom (a scalable EVM-compatible L1). SZX Holders will be able to claim monthly revenue and other staking rewards through ["FILO" Staking](staking.md). While governing Station Zero X through governance voting and It's games using (DAGs Model). Players can earn allocated SZX depending on a pre-determined [vesting schedule](release-and-vesting-schedule/) as an extra reward (in addition to [the game domestic tokens](../game-domestic-economy.md) depending on each game) and a way of fair governance token distribution on most loyal player base.&#x20;

As a web3 game builder powered at its core with a decentralized organization, the goal of $SZX is **to align incentives between major stakeholders and to decentralize the ownership of Station Zero X games,** through [game theoretical](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game\_theory)-framework built on incentivizing the most loyal members and penalize the greedy sole actors/malicious participants to eliminate public harm to glue-together the ecosystem.

SZX is designed to yield long-term rewards while empowering its holder to govern DAO economic policies, decentralized modding of games and controlling Station Zero X treasury.

SZX provides its holders with the following:&#x20;

1. **Voting Power.** Used in governing the ecosystem.
2. **Revenue sharing rights.** fdjkjdfhjhdf
3.



> #### 80% of all Station Zero X revenue is distributed pro rata on staked $SZX, The other 20% goes to the treasury which is controlled by all $SZX holders.

* Revenue generating
* Voting Power
* DAG governance







Our goal with Axie Infinity Shards is to align the incentives between the players of the game and the developers in novel and exciting ways. The mechanisms described above have two main goals:&#x20;

* To reward players for interacting with Axie Infinity while simultaneously incentivizing them to hold on to their tokens so they can claim additional rewards.
* To decentralize the ownership and governance of Axie Infinity.

We want Axie to become the first game truly owned and operated by the community that plays it.  This opens up limitless possibilities but must be approached carefully. In the past, projects have been abandoned and become stagnant using the term “decentralization” as a ruse. The shift to a true Decentralized organization will occur gradually over time.&#x20;

In early 2021, the Community Treasury will go live. The Community Treasury will begin to receive revenues generated by Axie Infinity as well as a portion of staking rewards. This treasury will be governed by AXS stakers eventually, once the network has become sufficiently decentralized.&#x20;

The Treasury receives inflows from:

* 4.25% of all Axie NFT marketplace transactions.
* The AXS portion of the breeding fee.

More streams will be added in the future from cosmetic sales, tournament entree fees, licensing fees, and more as new opportunities present themselves.

In the early days of Axie Infinity, staking issuance will be high-- encouraging a high portion of staked AXS without requiring an additional source of funding.

However, as the issuance allocation drops over time, there will need to be another source of funding to encourage a high percentage of staked AXS. This is a potential use for the Community Treasury, which will have a sustainable source of funding from fees related to Axie infinity.

Ownership of $PATH tokens give the holders a voice in directing the future of PathDAO. At the initial stages, the founding team with the help of advisors will help steer the DAO, but as more tokens are released to the community and public, the steering becomes more and more decentralized.

The PathDAO governance forum will be a place where $PATH holders can share their opinion and broadcast proposals to shape the direction of the DAO. Each token holder can then vote to accept or reject the proposals, where the volume of $PATH tokens held is the weight of each voter. With the aim to ensure the alignment of interest of our gaming community, contributors and supporters, we are ensuring a widespread distribution of $PATH tokens through community events airdrops, gaming competitions and more.&#x20;

An example of a proposal, could be voting for an additional member to be on the council, or on implementation of a new project.&#x20;

More information on the logistics of the DAO governance will be released soon.&#x20;
